hi everyone simon here serial trainer 7
and i just want to give you a quick
book recommendation um sam dunning does
an awful lot of podcasting i've been a
guest on his show and he's just
written this terrific book the no bs
guide
to website legion i absolutely love this
book and let me tell you
why i've really enjoyed it this book
really is very very straightforward and
there's a lot of books out there that
claim to be
you know jargon free and no all
of that type of thing
but they do end up falling into that
trap of coming across a little bit
technical
i find this book very very easy to read
i'm not the most technical person it's
very very straightforward it's very easy
to understand and the tips and
techniques that are in there
are things that you can do straight away
let me give you an example
sometimes my website is quite slow to
load
and sam talks about how that can be a
real problem for customers
and talks about ways in which that can
be improved in a really really simple
and straightforward way
so we've started to think about how we
can improve that
not only that he talks about google
analytics google analytics is so
important b
talks about why it's important and what
it's going to do for your business
and he also talks about how you can
design
your website for your ideal client and
why you should
actually build your website that way i
suppose when it
when what we're thinking about as well
is that you need to be able to know what
your ideal client profile actually is
before you do that
but the fact is if you are creating a
website
that's built for your ideal client then
you're likely to get the right people
into your business
i'm probably about two-thirds of the way
through this right now and i'm really
really loving it
so why not reach out to sam grab hold of
a copy and see
what you think as well so it's the no bs
guide
to website legend lead gen by
sam dunning and i hope you enjoy it i'm
simon harris serial trainer 7.
training gets you there faster leaves
you there better